README.MD, before:

## Kaoruko (Discord Bot)

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Creeper011/kaoruko)
![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Creeper011/kaoruko)
![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Creeper011/kaoruko)
![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Creeper011/kaoruko)

<img src="https://count.getloli.com/get/@kaoruko?theme=rule34" width="500">

Kaoruko is a lovable Discord bot built with discord.py (Python) featuring a modular architecture.

**Features:**
- Download command (in progress)
- Speed command (in progress)

**Requirements:**
- Python 3.12.5+
- Make

**Installation:**
1. Clone the repository
2. Navigate to the project directory
3. Create a virtual environment
4. Activate the virtual environment
5. Install dependencies and run

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Creeper011/kaoruko
cd kaoruko
make venv
make install
make run
```

**Note:** If you use **pyenv**, run these commands first:
```bash
pyenv install 3.12.5
pyenv local 3.12.5  # in project folder
```

Made with fear and love by Creeper011

Commit message:

docs: update README with documentation section and Docker instructions

README.MD, after:

## Kaoruko (Discord Bot)

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Creeper011/kaoruko)
![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Creeper011/kaoruko)
![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Creeper011/kaoruko)
![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Creeper011/kaoruko)

<img src="https://count.getloli.com/get/@kaoruko?theme=rule34" width="500">

Kaoruko is a lovable Discord bot built with discord.py (Python) featuring a modular architecture.

**Features:**
- Download command (in progress)
- Speed command (in progress)

**Requirements:**
- Python 3.12.5+
- Make

**Documentation:**
- The documentation for Kaoruko can be found in ./docs folder (WIP).

**Installation:**
1. Clone the repository
2. Navigate to the project directory
3. Create a virtual environment
4. Activate the virtual environment
5. Install dependencies and run

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Creeper011/kaoruko
cd kaoruko
make venv
source .venv/bin/activate  # On Windows use `.venv\Scripts\activate`
make install
make run
```

**Note:** If you use **pyenv**, run these commands first:
```bash
pyenv install 3.12.5
pyenv local 3.12.5  # in project folder
```

**Docker (optional):**
- You can also run Kaoruko using Docker. Make sure you have Docker installed and run the following command:
```bash
docker build -t kaoruko .
docker run -d --name kaoruko -e TOKEN=your_discord_bot_token -p 8080:8080 kaoruko
```

Made with fear and love by Creeper011
